<h1>--Project Name : BloodHive</h1>
<p>--Purpose : The main purpose of the projector at BloodHive is to manage blood for donors very quickly.</p>
<h2>--Live URL : https://blood-donnet.netlify.app/</h2>
<p>--npm packages : Vite,react,tailwind css, daisy UI, firebase, react Router,toastify,sweetalert2,date fns, aos, swiper ,axios,react-simple-typewriter,react hook form, react Icons</p>
<p>--key features : ....This project is basically a blood donation system project. Here there are admin volunteers and donors. There are separate sections for admin, separate sections for volunteers and separate sections for donors. Here the donor cannot access the admin section even if he wants, similarly the admin cannot access the donor or volunteer section even if he wants. Here the donor can create requests as per his need, can view, delete, update. If the volunteer wants, he can update the request data of all those donors in various ways. Here the admin can see the list of all donors but no one else can see it. From there, if the admin wants a new donor, he can make him a volunteer or admin. Then here there will be a route called request in the number, all the pending data there can be seen whether the donor is logged in or not. From there, if he wants, he can accept and change the status of that dollar to in progress. In the funding section, any admin donor or volunteer can donate there, but he must be logged in, then he can donate as much as he wants. There is another section here, which is Find Donor, where anyone can select blood group, district, upazila and find a donor. These were the features of the brief project.</p>
